Add EIP: Web3 URL to EVM Call Message Translation (#6860)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-4804.md

### Resolve Mode

> Once the "To" address and chainid are determined, the protocol will check the resolver mode of contract by calling "resolveMode() returns (bytes32)" method. The protocol currently supports two resolve modes:

Author: Thanks for the comment.  So I think the resolve model should work like this:
- manual model if `resolveMode()` returns "manual"; or
- auto model if `resolveMode()` returns "auto" or "" or error; otherwise
- error with "unsupported resolve mode".

Note that if `resolveMode()` returns error, we still treat it as auto model since some existing contracts will throw if the method is not supported.

> Once the "To" address and chainid are determined, the protocol will check the resolver mode of contract by calling "resolveMode() returns (bytes32)" method. The protocol currently supports two resolve modes:

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Once the "To" address and chainid are determined, the protocol will check the resolver mode of contract by calling the `resolveMode` method of the "To" address. The Solidity signature of `resolveMode` is:

```solidity
function resolveMode() external returns (bytes32);
```

The protocol currently supports two resolve modes: auto and manual.
````

#### Manual Mode

> 

Author: Thanks for the comment.  The original interpretation means path ["?" query] to calldata, but definitively we can extend it to MIME.

> 

Reviewer 2: To be sure : 
The meaning I want to convey is : Since the manual mode will not do any interpretation of **path** and **query**, the users can write anything they want, but I want to remind that the browser will still interpret the [.<extension>] part of the path as MIME and set the content-type header accordingly.
If you believe it is not necessary to repeat it, then I'll trust your judgment.

> 

Reviewer: I'm kinda just assuming what the return value is here:

```suggestion
The `resolveMode` return value indicating manual mode MUST be `0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006d616e75616c`.

```

Should do something similar for auto mode, maybe with `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006175746f`.

Author: Thanks for the comment.  I will update this accordingly.

> 

Author: Good suggestion!  Let me put the better wording here.

Note that if **method** does not exist, i.e., **path** is empty or "/", then the contract will be called with empty calldata.

> - **returns** attribute in **query** tells the format of the returned data. If not specified, the returned message data will be treated in ABI-type "(bytes)" and the decoded bytes will be returned to the frontend. The MIME will be set based on the suffix of the last argument. If **returns** is "()", the returned data will be parsed in raw bytes in JSON format.  Otherwise, the returned message data will be parsed in the specified **returns** attribute in JSON format.  If multiple **returns** attributes are present, the value of the last **returns** attribute will be applied. Note that **returnTypes** is the alias of **returns**, but it is not recommended to use and is mainly for backward-compatible purpose.

Author: Thanks for the comment.  I wonder whether it may create confusion for the path like "/abc.xyz/13" where we may interpret ".xyz/13" as suffix?  Or I may use "The MIME will be set based on the suffix of the last argument or if there is no argument, the suffix of the method."?

> - **returns** attribute in **query** tells the format of the returned data. If not specified, the returned message data will be treated in ABI-type "(bytes)" and the decoded bytes will be returned to the frontend. The MIME will be set based on the suffix of the last argument. If **returns** is "()", the returned data will be parsed in raw bytes in JSON format.  Otherwise, the returned message data will be parsed in the specified **returns** attribute in JSON format.  If multiple **returns** attributes are present, the value of the last **returns** attribute will be applied. Note that **returnTypes** is the alias of **returns**, but it is not recommended to use and is mainly for backward-compatible purpose.

Reviewer 2: Yes ""The MIME will be set based on the suffix of the last argument or if there is no argument, the suffix of the method."" is better indeed!
